README.md, before:

Module 3
# Election_Analysis 

## Project Overview 
A Colorado Board of Elections employee has given you the following tasks to complete the election audit of a recent local congressional election. 

1.	Calculate the total number of votes cast.
2.	Get a complete list of candidates who received votes.
3.	Calculate the total number of votes each candidate received.
4.	Calculate the percentage of votes each candidate won.
5.	Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote.

## Resources
-	Data Source: election_results.csv
-	Software: Python 3.6.1, Visual Studio Code, 1.38.1

## Summary 
The analysis of the election show that:
-	There were "x" votes cast in the election.
-	The candidates were:
    -	Candidate 1
    -	Candidate 2
    -	Candidate 3
-	THe candidate results were:
    -	Candidate 1 received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.
    -	Candidate 2 received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.
    -	Candidate 3 received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.
-	The winner of the election was:
    -	Candidate ( 1, 2, or 3), who received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.

## Challenge Overview

## Challenge Summary

Commit message:

Challenge finished. Added photo links & outline

README.md, after:

This is an image.https://crcamerica.org/wp-content/uploads/COFlagMtns.jpg
# Election Analysis of Candidates

## Project Overview 
A Colorado Board of Elections employee has given you the following tasks to complete the election audit of a recent local congressional election. 

1.	Calculate the total number of votes cast.
2.	Get a complete list of candidates who received votes.
3.	Calculate the total number of votes each candidate received.
4.	Calculate the percentage of votes each candidate won.
5.	Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote.

## Resources
-	Data Source: election_results.csv
-	Software: Python 3.6.1, Visual Studio Code, 1.38.1

## Summary 
The analysis of the election show that:
-	There were "x" votes cast in the election.
-	The candidates were:
    -	Candidate 1
    -	Candidate 2
    -	Candidate 3
-	THe candidate results were:
    -	Candidate 1 received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.
    -	Candidate 2 received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.
    -	Candidate 3 received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.
-	The winner of the election was:
    -	Candidate ( 1, 2, or 3), who received "x%" of the vote and "y" number of votes.

https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fdenver.cbslocal.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsites%2F15909806%2F2018%2F11%2Fdiana-degette.jpg%3Fw%3D1500&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fdenver.cbslocal.com%2F2018%2F11%2F07%2Fdiana-degette-democratic-whip-congress%2F&tbnid=aSgUmRNQ4MaPJM&vet=12ahUKEwj4kqrbrNj0AhUDpK0KHQMYCjsQMygzegQIARA0..i&docid=iMidY-rEEbnv1M&w=1500&h=843&itg=1&q=diana%20degette%20speech&ved=2ahUKEwj4kqrbrNj0AhUDpK0KHQMYCjsQMygzegQIARA0

# Election Audit by County

## Overview 
Explain the purpose of this election audit analysis.

## Results
Using a bulleted list, address the following election outcomes. Use images or examples of your code as support where necessary.

- How many votes were cast in this congressional election?
- Provide a breakdown of the number of votes and the percentage of total votes for each county in the precinct.
- Which county had the largest number of votes?
- Provide a breakdown of the number of votes and the percentage of the total votes each candidate received.
- Which candidate won the election, what was their vote count, and what was their percentage of the total votes?

## Summary
In a summary statement, provide a business proposal to the election commission on how this script can be used—with some modifications—for any election. Give at least two examples of how this script can be modified to be used for other elections.

https://waternow.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Denver.jpg
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Links to images are working, and code is formatted and displayed correctly. (2 pt)

Overview -  purpose of this election analysis audit is well defined. (3 pt)
Results -  bulleted list where each election outcome is addressed. (7 pt)
Summary - statement to the election commission that explores how this script can be used for any election, with two examples for modifying the script. (4 pt)
